	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.0 to version 1.1

Added drivers for second M.E.U. The new M.E.U. is designated
as drive N:.

AFORMAT was changed to allow formatting of the second M.E.U.

ACOPYSYS version number was changed from 1.0 to 1.1.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.1 to version 1.2

Added 64 more directory entries to the M.E.U. directories. The
disks now hold 496k and allow 128 directory entries.

The boot tracks have been re-organized to allow more room for
boot-defaults and expansion of the boot message.

Boot message can now be 255 bytes long. The boot logo now takes
up two 128 byte sectors. This allows for expansion in the boot
message.

There are now 128 bytes instead of 64 bytes available for boot
default values. This change requires programs that look for
the default areas at a specific location on disk to be changed,
like ASETIO, ASETSIO, AAUTOST.

The BIOS was changed to allow an initial CP/M command to be
stored and be executed on a cold boot only.

ADS CP/M below version 1.2 cannot be mixed when warm booting or
the ADS will crash.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.1 to 1.2.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.2 to version 1.3

The ADS serial printer driver has been changed to also use
padding characters for printers that don't use XON/XOFF. The
driver will allow the user to select what padding character to
use (0-255), and will allow different setting for the following
characters, BS (08H), TAB (09H), LF (0AH), FF (0CH), CR (0DH).

BIOS has been changed to allow CP/M to load off of disks with
different sectors per track. The BIOS looks in the DPB for the
number of sectors per track for the logged in disk now. The
disks still must have 128 byte sectors.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.2 to 1.3.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.3 to version 1.4

The keyboard special function key routines were rewritten to be
more efficient. It is now also easier to expand the translation
table than it was before.

The CRT screen driver was enhanced to allow insert line and
delete line ESCape codes. These new functions greatly enhance
the ADS's performance with programs such as WordStar and Turbo
Pascal. The new codes are:

	<ESC>L		insert a blank line and move cursor to
			beginning of current line. All lines
			below the current line are pushed down
			by one line.

	<ESC>M		delete current line and move cursor to
			beginning of current line. All lines
			below the current line are pulled up by
			one line to fill in the delete line. A
			blank line is created at the bottom of
			the screen.

These codes were chosen to be consistant with other popular
terminals using control and escapre codes similar to the ADS's.
Some of these terminals include Heath and Telray series 10.
Existing software will still run correctly.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.3 to 1.4.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.4 to version 1.41

Cleaned CRT driver up a bit.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.41 to version 1.50

Added support for double sided drives, for drives A:, B:, C:,
and D: (984k useable). Also, created the utility ASETDRV which
allows selective configurations of SS and DS drives.

Rewrote MEU driver to be faster, and not complement the data
byte. CP/M v1.50 is not able to read an MEU formatted prior
to this version of CP/M.

Changes AFORMAT to support formatting of a DSDD 8 inch disk.
AFORMAT will automatically detect the type of disk that is
to be formatted.

ACOPY will not copy a DSDD disk correctly, and will be dropped
from the utilites list.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.4 to 1.5

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.50 to version 1.63

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.5 to 1.6

AFORMAT will now format a floppy when run from the hard disk.

The boot logo has been changed.

ADS CP/M now supports the NCP hard disk, as a local hard disk.

ADS CP/M has been changed to 58k CP/M from 59k CP/M. ADS CP/M
below version 1.63 cannot be mixed when warm booting or the 
ADS will crash.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.63 to version 1.70

NCP hard disk directory expanded to hold 896 directory entries.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.6 to 1.7

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.70 to version 1.82

BIOS now allows reassigning of drive id.

BIOS supports combinations of floppy controllers and drives.

ADS DSDD format now hold 192 directory entries instead of 128.

ACOPYSYS version was changed from 1.7 to 1.8

AFORMAT version changed from 1.2 to 1.3

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.82 to version 1.84

Directory size for hard disk changed from 896 directory entries
downto 768 directory entries.

Drives C: and D: floppy drivers default to DSDD drives.

Removed software controlled retry code. Retries are performed
automatically by hardware.

	Changes to ADS CP/M from version 1.84 to version 1.85

Added "dummy hard disk" capability so that cp/m can be built
without a hard disk driver (for non-hard disk systems) so that
more memory is left over above the bios for other use.
